goblin gaggcagataaactggctcatattgtacctatatcatcgggccgccgcgagctactctgctgcgtgattttactcgactcgacccccgtcgctttgcatt
unicorn cccgagtgtaacaggggctactctgcccaatcgtgcatcgagccatcggcgtatgctagatgtgaccaccccttcgattgggacgggaattaaagttgtc
dragon agctactgtctacaattcgcaacggtgccggtggtcctagaccatcgaaattgctccgaacagatgcgcgttgttgtcgtatttccccccaaaccctttt
sphinx ttggtttgtcttttgcgttgagtgttagacttgcctactgccgacagaggagcacggcaatgacgccgacgtatatcacctcatgcttcgtccatcctcc
pegasus tagtcgggatgatacagaactataaactggtgttgggggaggatcttgcgtggtgctttagatcgttctgctgtaatcattaagggtgggttgccttggt
minotaur tactaattcgcgtgctctgtccgcgacgcgcgattgagatagccggcctggtcgactggaagaccccgcgtgcttatgtacaaagaggcggtggatcctt
cerberus acagtttcgaagacaagtgagacgaagttggtcttgtatctcagttacagctgcccaagggctagcggagtgcagtccccccgctggttgtggcgggcca
banshee agggtaaatcatgcggtgattctcagtgatttaatttgcacctcattggagcatcgcttcggtcatagtgatgggcttgaccgtccttcagcggtcgact
siren gtatcacattatgttttagcacctcggcgtaggtcagaaacgtcatgaaataatagatcctttactgcagctgcgatcggtgtcgcgtatttgagagcct
centaur ctcgcttggacgaaacggacttttagtcggcctaaacgtaatctggaatatacaaaaacgtacgagtataagatcacctgaatccaccagctaagctgag
harpy accttgattcggggtggtattgacccctctctcacctccaataagactagagggagacggttcaactcctaatctatcgtgtggatgttcttgaatttgc
werewolf atgtgatttctttgaatgacagtacatctgctgttcccccctagcgctacagcgctacaccccgggcgcgctgcgaaatcgggcgtacctcagactccca
cyclops ccgcccttgctcaaaagtcggatgactgtgaccgatttttccccccactaagtctctctatccttttcaatcactatgccgaaaggtcagctagatcccg
phoenix cacatagtgtatgggcctctcgataaaaatttaccggttccggctaaccccaagggagtaacatgatcgtgatgtgacatccgtggcatcttagtttatc
manticore caaggaatgtagattgcagagtgcagcactgatcgtcgcttggccacttccggtcttcagcatatcgttttcgcgcaacccaaggacccaattactcgct
vampire gcaacttgttttcgtatcaacccaaaaatcacgattatgaggatataagcgaagtcgatctgtttagttcgagattacaaggacactgagcagttaaatg
kraken ccatccgtgttatggctaggagaatccgctctgtttccgtagcttccattaccatactatctttctgaccgtaattctttcaccatgattcagccgactc
ogre ctatagcatagtggcgccccccgacgcgtagctaggtcgagaagaactcttggatcgctccttttagttcttgtcacggattttcctaagcctcatcccc
house-elf gggcggtccaatagctgctccgacccttgggagctatgtaagtggcttcttggggtgtcagtgcgagtgcactcgggccaccgagcctcaaattacctgg
voldemort cacacacttgggatttaatagctgtcttcctttcatgttgacgcgtgataacgcgaggcggagctcaaccgtgttacacatgccttcacaaaactgtgga
gremlin ccaatcagtttactgctcgaaaagaaaaaggctcggtctcgcctttcccatatgcatgttgtccacaaaggtggtcaccgtcaattagacatcattttca
mermaid cgcctgctacaacccgttaaggggtactccttggtcattcgagcgatggtctgcgcggctagtcttgtaccgcatgactccgctaaatcgctacaggtaa
gnome gcctatacacgagccgacttgtagtgattcaaagagatcatgcctcagaacctccgttgtctgatcacgcatcgtcggccaccaagacatcggcaatacc
leprechaun taattccaaggggtcgaccgtcccaacataaacgtatttacgtggcgcgatctcaattggctcgaaaatgacaggctgcgcttgtgactaacgactgcaa
